# 1.1 Registered centre licenses

1. Every centre that is hosting an OEB qualification or examination must be a registered centre with a license granted by an official OEB Centre Inspector. These licenses will always have an expiry date which centres must renew before they host an OEB examination.&#x20;
2. For centres with a valid registered centre license:&#x20;
   1. Ensure that your license expiry date will last until at least a week after all examinations have been conducted and completed. A week is recommended as examinations could be re-scheduled due to unforeseen consequences, delays in the shipping of scripts, or other events.&#x20;
   2. If your centre’s license is all clear, then there is nothing to worry about. You should be able to request and receive all OEB examinations, qualifications or other related materials. Continue with the rest of this guide to ensure that your centre is best prepared for OEB examinations.&#x20;
3. For centres with invalid registered centre license:&#x20;
   1. If your centre’s license expiry date has passed, request for an OEB Inspection as soon as possible to renew your license. While OEB aims to ensure that all centres are licensed before examination seasons, if the request is received too late, it may not be possible. We recommend that centres request for license renewals and inspections at least a month in advance of their first examinations.&#x20;
   2. If your license is revoked by OEB, you may request to appeal the decision and have your license re-instated. However, to do this, you must either provide evidence that the revoking of the license was unnecessary or unfair or provide proof that the centre has been reformed to more adequately provide OEB examinations. You will then be required to have an OEB Inspector re-license the centre.&#x20;
4. For centres wanting to be registered:&#x20;
   1. Contact the OEB Centre Inspection Service about licensing your centre. You will undergo a mock examination season following these regulations.&#x20;

<details>

<summary>Why are licenses required?</summary>

Licenses are always required as they allow a centre to be authorised for the receiving and shipping of OEB examination materials and scripts. Furthermore, a license is required so that your centre may receive an OEB Centre Number for candidates to fill out for all examinations. Scripts received from centres without an OEB License will be discarded and left unmarked, with all candidates receiving disqualification and the centre not being able to host OEB examinations for a minimum of one year.&#x20;

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>How long do licenses last?</strong> </summary>

The average centre license usually only lasts 2 to 3 years. The renewal of licenses reset this every time the renewed license comes into effect. You may request to OEB to extend the centre license expiry date if your centre demonstrates consistent upholding of regulations and other procedures. The longest a license can last is up to 4 years.&#x20;

</details>

<details>

<summary><strong>What can invalidate my license other than expiration?</strong> </summary>

OEB will always provide centres with reasoning and reports of what caused the invalidation of their license. Some reasons include, but are not limited to:&#x20;

* Failing an Inspection or failing a sample Inspection&#x20;

- Not adequately storing question paper and question paper packets&#x20;

* Any attempt at coverup of maladministration&#x20;

- Etc.&#x20;

</details>
